About the job
Snapshot of Your Day
Working Student - Finance Digitalization & Reporting
At Siemens Gamesa, no two days are the same! As a Working student in Finance, Digitalization & Reporting, you'll engage with diverse global and local projects, ensuring a multifaceted and enriching experience. You'll specialize in finance while being at the forefront of digital transformation and reporting innovations, making meaningful contributions to our extraordinary initiatives.

How You’ll Make An Impact

Your job responsibilities include, but will not be limited to:

Operational support in process improvement activities, substantiating efficiency and cost-saving projects with robust arguments
Crafting and updating Management Reporting, particularly with PowerPoint and Power BI, to provide magnificent and impactful presentations
Consolidating reporting data and conducting ad-hoc data analysis to support decision-making processes
Coordinating back-office processes and collaborating closely with other team members on IT system rollouts and tool implementations


What You Bring

In addition, we are also looking for:

A passion for renewable energy and a deep understanding of the significance of inspiring change, an ambitious approach with a proven track record to deliver outstanding results
You are studying Economics, Finance, Accounting or similar
You possess excellent knowledge of MS Office, especially MS Excel, and prefer Business Analytics tools such as Power BI, Power Query, and Data modeling
You excel at quickly grasping new ideas, having a strong passion for financial digitalization, and grow with projects that push boundaries
You are a great teammate with outstanding interpersonal skills and the ability to work independently
You are proficient in English


Preferably, you can work 15-20 hours a week

About The Team

Wind Power division is part of Siemens Energy, a global leader in energy technology with a rich legacy of innovation spanning over 150 years. Together, we are committed to making sustainable, reliable, and affordable energy a reality by pushing the boundaries of what is possible. As a leading player in the wind industry and manufacturer of wind turbines, we are passionate about driving the energy transition and providing innovative solutions that meet the growing energy demand of the global community.

Who is Siemens Gamesa?

Siemens Gamesa is part of Siemens Energy, a global leader in energy technology with a rich legacy of innovation spanning over 150 years. Together, we are committed to making sustainable, reliable, and affordable energy a reality by pushing the boundaries of what is possible. As a leading player in the wind industry and manufacturer of wind turbines, we are passionate about driving the energy transition and providing innovative solutions that meet the growing energy demand of the global community. At Siemens Gamesa, we are constantly seeking talented individuals to join our team and support our focus on energy transformation. Find out how you can make a difference at Siemens Gamesa: Working with us.