About the job
Business Finance Manager
About the Company

Careem is building the Everything App for the greater Middle East, making it easier than ever to move around, order food and groceries, manage payments, and more. Careem is led by a powerful purpose to simplify and improve the lives of people and build an awesome organisation that inspires. Since 2012, Careem has created earnings for over 2.5 million Captains, simplified the lives of over 70 million customers, and built a platform for the region’s best talent to thrive and for entrepreneurs to scale their businesses. Careem operates in over 70 cities across 10 countries, from Morocco to Pakistan.

About The Team

This role is a unique opportunity to play a significant part in shaping the financial decisions at Careem. It involves spend management activities, building insightful reports on the spends and developing essential strategies to ensure financial practices are consistently followed across various budget areas. This position is key to upholding financial discipline and making impactful contributions to the company's financial health.

What You'll Do

Lead variance analysis vs budgets and execute comprehensive budgeting exercises across markets, ensuring monthly accruals are accurately calculated for all operational regions.
Serve as the primary point of contact for cost optimization initiatives, actively contributing to strategic financial planning.
Develop and implement initiatives to control expenditures against the budgets allocated for different markets.
Create systems and dashboards to enhance visibility and control over financial spends, aiding in decision-making processes for various stakeholders.
Identify and communicate any discrepancies or anomalies in spend tracking to Business Leaders and the FP&A function.
Collaborate with internal teams to refine and enhance financial systems and processes, ensuring they meet the evolving needs of the business.
Partner with data teams to resolve data integrity issues, ensuring the accuracy and reliability of financial reporting.

What You’ll Need

Up to 6 years of relevant experience in financial analysis, budgeting, and strategic planning.
Advanced proficiency in Excel required. SQL knowledge is a plus.
Strong problem-solving and analytical skills, with a proactive approach to gathering insights and data for impactful decision-making.
Ability to thrive in a fast-paced, demanding environment, with a hands-on and ownership-driven mindset.
Strong communication and presentation skills, capable of conveying complex financial information in a clear and persuasive manner.
A bachelor's degree in Finance, or a related field with a solid foundation in financial principles.

What We’ll Provide You

We offer colleagues the opportunity to drive impact in the region while they learn and grow. As a full time Careem colleague, you will be able to:

Work and learn from great minds by joining a community of inspiring colleagues.
Put your passion to work in a purposeful organisation dedicated to creating impact in a region with a lot of untapped potential.
Explore new opportunities to learn and grow every day.
Work 4 days a week in office & 1 day from home, and remotely from any country in the world for 30 days a year with unlimited vacation days per year. (If you are in an individual contributor role in tech, you will have 2 office days a week and 3 to work from home.)
Access to healthcare benefits and fitness reimbursements for health activities including gym, health club, and training classes.