About the job
Xsolla is seeking a highly organized, strategic, and results-driven Project Manager to join our Team. In this role, you will play a key part in driving projects that support the development and optimization of our products and services, helping game developers and publishers around the world succeed. If you are passionate about the gaming industry and thrive in a fast-paced, cross-functional environment, we would love to hear from you

Responsibilities

Lead end-to-end project management for product initiatives, from scoping to delivery.
Coordinate across internal teams (product, tech, legal, marketing) to ensure alignment and execution.
Define project goals, success metrics, timelines, and resource requirements.
Track and report on project progress, risks, and dependencies.
Identify and resolve bottlenecks and proactively manage issues.
Ensure clear and timely communication between stakeholders.
Contribute to the continuous improvement of project workflows and best practices.
Work with external vendors or partners as needed for project execution.


Requirements

3+ years of experience in project management, preferably within tech, gaming, or digital products.
Strong understanding of monetization strategies in the gaming or digital ecosystem is a plus.
Experience managing cross-functional projects with multiple stakeholders.
Excellent communication, organizational, and time-management skills.
Proven ability to manage multiple projects simultaneously under tight deadlines.
Familiarity with project management tools (e.g., Jira, Confluence, Trello, Asana).


Added advantage

PMP, Scrum, or Agile certifications are a plus.
Business level English and Russian Languages


At Xsolla, we are passionate about providing a conducive environment for our team to thrive personally and professionally. Our Benefits Program caters to the physical, mental, and emotional well-being of our full-time employees.

Understanding the detrimental effects of burnout, we offer unlimited Flexible Time Off and 28 paid holidays each year. Personal and professional development is a cornerstone of our ethos at Xsolla. Each employee has a personalized career roadmap, developed in partnership with their manager, aligning individual and company goals. We support this growth through in-house training, independent study, conference attendance, and higher education opportunities.

About Company

Xsolla is a global video game commerce company with a robust and powerful set of tools and services designed specifically for the video game industry. Since its founding in 2005, Xsolla has helped thousands of game developers and publishers of all sizes fund, market, launch and monetize their games globally and across multiple platforms. As an innovative leader in game commerce, Xsolla’s mission is to solve the inherent complexities of global distribution, marketing, and monetization to help our partners reach more geographies, generate more revenue and create relationships with gamers worldwide.

Headquartered and incorporated in Los Angeles, California, with offices in Berlin, Seoul, Beijing, Kuala Lumpur, and cities around the world, Xsolla supports major gaming titles like Valve, Twitch, Roblox, Ubisoft, Epic Games, KRAFTON, Nexters, NetEase, Playstudios, Playrix, miHoYo, Pearl Abyss, NCSoft, and more.

By submitting the following job application form, you consent to Xsolla processing your data for career-related inquiries and potential employment opportunities. We process your data in accordance with this  Xsolla Privacy Notice for Job Applicants