About the job
Persona is the company top startups use to hire people from all around the world. Our vision is a future where each person can find the best role for them and companies can discover the world’s best talent. Founded by two Stanford University graduates, Persona works with the world’s fastest-growing technology startups. Our clients are funded by some of the world’s top investors, like Founders Fund, Sequoia Capital, and Andreessen Horowitz.


Persona is a talent agency that recruits, trains, and staffs talented remote professionals such as yourself. This is an opportunity to work closely with the future Googles, Facebooks, and Amazons of the world—building out their organizations and helping them reach the next level of success.


We support everyone we hire with training, mentoring, and technology resources so they are enabled to do their best and are as happy as possible in their roles. We have a large international team dedicated to supporting and taking care of new Persona team members, and our goal is to provide excellent long-term career opportunities for everyone who joins the team.


Who’s building Persona?

We are a global team of passionate problem solvers who love to build new things and make our customers happy. Our team is made up of motivated, hard-working people spanning the globe, united by a culture of learning and continuous improvement.


What we’re looking for:

We are looking for Assistant Project Managers to help our clients operate and scale different parts of their growing businesses. As an Assistant Project Manager you'll be a general problem solver, collaborating with different teams at our client company and helping them with various projects.


Responsibilities—what you'll do:

Business-to-Business Communication
Client and Vendor Management
Data Collection and Analysis
Reports Generation and Documentation
Project Management Tools
Process Optimization


Requirements:

Fully fluent in English
Skilled in the use of apps and technology
Ability to commit long-term and full-time
Ability to work U.S. business hours (Pacific Time, Central Time, or Eastern Time)
No work experience is required, but we will take any work experience you have into account
This position is for serious, career-oriented candidates


Other qualities we look for:

Track record of success at work or in school
An ability to solve complex problems with minimal guidance
Experience in high performance work or school environments
Skilled at anticipating team members’ needs
Willingness to work hard and persevere
Intellectual curiosity and resourcefulness
Professionalism


What we offer:

Best salaries in the industry
Permanent ability to work from anywhere in the world
Opportunities for growth and advancement
A fast-paced and collaborative environment
Warm and friendly company culture
Full benefits


Benefits at Persona:

Health insurance
Unlimited paid time off (paid sick and vacation leaves)
Annual bonuses based on performance
Monthly tech allowance
Opportunity to be paid in your currency of choice
Others depending on seniority