About the job
THE ROLE & THE TEAM


Join our Warehouse IT PMO if you are passionate about IT in logistics operations and you are interested in the opportunity to take the ownership of overarching strategic IT projects.


INCLUSIVE BY DESIGN


At Zalando, our vision is to be inclusive by design. And this vision starts with our hiring - we do not discriminate on the basis of gender identity, sexual orientation, personal expression, ethnicity, religious belief, or disability status. You are welcome to leave out your picture, age, or marital status from your application. We only assess candidates on their qualifications and merit.

We want to provide you with a great candidate experience. Feel free to inform us of any accommodations you may need, so we can best support you throughout the hiring process.

do.BETTER - our diversity & inclusion strategy https //corporate.zalando.com/en/our-impact/dobetter-our-diversity-and-inclusion-strategy

Our employee resource groups https //corporate.zalando.com/en/our-impact/our-employee-resource-groups


WHY YOU SHOULD BE INTERESTED…



 Lead overarching Warehouse IT projects and programs across various teams, departments and logistics sites (across Europe) 
 Be a driving force for the execution of the Warehouse IT priorities and overarching strategy 
 Facilitate and lead complex detailed subject-specific discussions in the area of IT in warehouse operations, network infrastructure and related products 
 Be an internal consultant and knowledge base for logistics operations 
 Identify and promote ideas and solutions to move Warehouse IT forward - challenge existing approaches. 
 Provide and lead the project presentations and communications towards senior management 
 Ensure comprehensive reporting and tools are available to monitor progress, success, and costs. 



WE’D LOVE TO MEET YOU IF…



 You possess a university education or completed training as a project manager in the field information technology 
 You have profound IT project management experience of at least 3 years in logistics or similar environment 
 Your passion lies within project management and IT, and you have already successfully managed multiple medium to large size projects 
 You are a well structured person with excellent presentation skills, verbally as well as in terms of slides & project documentation 
 You have excellent organisation & communication skills in English, spoken and written, with the ability to engage with multilingual international stakeholders and teams at various levels. German skills are of advantage 
 You possess a very good technical understanding IT 
 You are of an analytical and a solution-oriented mindset with goal-oriented communication and negotiation skills 
 You are willing to travel and visit our logistics network across Europe. 



OUR OFFER


Zalando provides a range of benefits, here’s an overview of what you can expect. Ask your Talent Acquisition Partner to learn more about what we offer.