About the job
This position is within the Canonical team, a rapidly growing international software company.



The opportunity summary by Joinrs AI: Canonical is looking for a remote Junior Project Manager with a university degree in STEM (Engineering or Sciences) and up to 3 years of past experiences. You will be responsible for managing complex projects, ensuring stakeholder satisfaction and project success. Benefits include a training budget, an annual bonus, and travel opportunities.



The selection process will be managed entirely by Canonical.

--


We deliver open source to the world faster, more securely and more cost effectively than any other company.



We're also the publishers of Ubuntu, the world’s most popular enterprise Linux from cloud to edge, together with a passionate global community of 200,000+ contributors.
Ubuntu means 'humanity to others'. We chose it because it embodies the generosity at the heart of open source, the new normal for platforms and innovation.


Together with a community of 200,000, we publish an operating system that runs from the tiny connected devices up to the world's biggest mainframes, the platform that everybody uses on the public cloud, and the workstation experience of the world's most productive developers.


Secure and reliable, elegant and intuitive, and open for innovation - this is the future of open source, which is why we're proud to be the developers of the fastest growing Linux in the world despite already being the most widely deployed.


If you're interested in a career at Canonical, we are a remote-first company so please apply to any suitable role as skills are valued more than location, despite some having a preferred geographic preference.




The role of a Enterprise Project Manager at Canonical

Canonical’s mission is to streamline and accelerate the adoption of open source across the entire global enterprise technology market. Our customers embrace the Canonical approach to open source for complex projects on bare metal, on the cloud, and at the edge.


Canonical Project Managers are responsible for ensuring project success through owning, driving, communicating and respectfully engaging all stakeholders, valuing integrity and accountability.


Within a portfolio of projects with complex and changing software technologies, customer and partner satisfaction is only possible because of exceptional Project Managers who know how to respect and engage all stakeholders.




What we are looking for in you

The successful Project Manager will have solid IT project management experience in a software engineering and/or information technology field, excellent written and verbal communications skills in English and experience leading cross-cultural, remote and global project teams and customers. You will be able to "make things happen" with a professional approach and effective negotiation techniques. You have Agile expertise and Project Management certification.


If this sounds like you and you have experience in the areas below, we'd love to hear from you:

Enterprise IT Programs
Process Improvement
Software Engineering Project Management
Additional skills that you might also bring
Leading diverse, remote project teams
Experience with cross-cultural and multi-continent projects
Hiring, managing teams and helping to develop team skills
SW engineering and IT project management
Driving project success while managing risks
Experience in building collaborative internal and external partnerships
Solid commercial skills; experience in dealing with contracts
Effective negotiator, comfortable in a customer facing roles for complex projects
Degree level education in Computer Science or STEM field, ideally also an MBA or similar qualification
Able to travel 6-8 weeks a year, up to two weeks at a time, sometimes internationally
Flexibility to work non-standard hours when required, in support of a worldwide sales and project team




What we offer you

We consider geographical location, experience, and performance in shaping compensation worldwide. We revisit compensation annually (and more often for graduates and associates) to ensure we recognise outstanding performance. In addition to base pay, we offer a performance-driven annual bonus. We provide all team members with additional benefits, which reflect our values and ideals. We balance our programs to meet local needs and ensure fairness globally.
Distributed work environment with twice-yearly team sprints in person
Personal learning and development budget of USD 2,000 per year
Annual compensation review
Recognition rewards
Annual holiday leave
Maternity and paternity leave
Employee Assistance Programme
Opportunity to travel to new locations to meet colleagues
Priority Pass, and travel upgrades for long haul company events