About the job
About The Role

We’re looking for highly motivated sales professionals to join our B2B Sales Development team. This position offer a unique chance to build a rewarding career with a company that values growth and provides continuous opportunities for advancement.

Role Overview:

Our B2B Sales Development team directly collaborates with notable brands and entrepreneurs. You’ll help them launch or expand their commercial footprint, whether through e-commerce or physical retail. You’ll be at the forefront of developing sales solutions and providing strategic insights that support our clients’ success.

As a Sales Development Representative, you will play a crucial role in generating new sales opportunities and adding qualified leads to our sales funnel. You will be responsible for either outbound, inbound or both prospecting, including cold outreach via phone, email, and LinkedIn, as well as qualifying warm leads. You’ll be the merchant's dedicated point of contact during the qualification period, creating an incredible first impression and providing an unrivaled merchant experience. Your work will directly impact our goal of making commerce better for everyone. You will collaborate with cross-functional teams internally and externally, ensuring effective communication and problem-solving.

At Shopify, we offer a unique opportunity for high-impact sales professionals to build a rewarding career with continuous growth opportunities. You will stay up-to-date with new commerce trends and develop a deep understanding of our product offerings to help merchants grow on Shopify.

Responsibilities

Conduct high-volume outreach to qualify leads through calls, emails, social media, and other channels
Ask the right questions and qualify merchants via live web chat and phone inquiries
Maintain active engagement with new and existing leads through creative and personalized follow-up
Collaborate with cross-functional teams to ensure seamless communication and problem-solving
Connect inquiries to the appropriate Shopify Sales Representatives through high-level qualifying conversations
Contribute to building a positive culture and upholding Shopify values
Liaise with peers across different markets to refine processes and evolve the scope of the role
Serve as a proactive point of contact for clients, ensuring an exceptional service experience
Stay on top of the latest product features, industry trends, and market dynamics to provide the best possible advice and service to merchants


Desired Skills And Qualifications

Strong communication and interpersonal skills — capable of building trusting relationships and effectively conveying the value of Shopify’s offerings
Proven ability to manage detailed sales cycles and succeed in a competitive environment
Adept at high-volume sales activities and capable of maintaining focus and efficiency in fast-paced settings
Experience with CRM tools (for example: Salesforce), and familiarity with sales engagement platforms preferred
Self-motivated and driven by results, with the tenacity to pursue leads and close deals
Ability to multitask, prioritize responsibilities, and thrive on change
Knowledgeable in targeting and engaging potential clients through strategic questioning and active listening
Experience selling to B2B merchants
German or French fluency is required 